Certbot with nginx (#215)
Yenthe666/InstallScript: README.md

```OE_SUPERADMIN``` is the master password for this Odoo installation.<br/>
```INSTALL_NGINX``` is set to ```False``` by default. Set this to ```True``` if you want to install Nginx.<br/>
```WEBSITE_NAME``` Set the website name here for nginx configuration<br/>
```WEBSITE_NAME``` Set the website name here for nginx configuration<br/>

> ```ENABLE_SSL``` Set installs [certbot](https://github.com/certbot/certbot) configures https with Let's Encrypted certificate<br/>

Reviewer: Can you rephrase this sentence? Its not very clear I believe

> ```ADMIN_EMAIL``` Email is needed to register for Let's Enctryped Registeration. Replace the default placeholder with an email of your organisation.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ADMIN_EMAIL``` Email is needed to register for Let's Encrypt registration. Replace the default placeholder with an email of your organisation.<br/>
```

> ```INSTALL_NGINX``` and ```ENABLE_SSL``` must be set to ```True``` and the place holder in ```ADMIN_EMAIL``` must be replaced with a valid email address for certbot installation<br/>

Reviewer: Neatpick: "placeholder" is one word.

>   _By enabling SSL though certbot you agree to the following [policies](https://www.eff.org/code/privacy/policy)_ <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _By enabling SSL through Let's Encrypt you agree to the following [policies](https://www.eff.org/code/privacy/policy)_ <br/>
```
